In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl,
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous, simply the best
♪ Up to the test
♪ When things go wrong
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest
♪ The power of love
always so strong
♪ Miraculous
♪ Miraculous ♪
Your class representative
is going to be handing you
a questionnaire about
your options after school.
Useless! I already know what I
want to be when school is over.
Rich. Because I'm already rich!
And the baker girl,
well, the baker girl...
Oh! Just plain ridiculous! Yes!
Being ridiculous would be
right up your alley, Marinette!
Chloé, people are defined
by their choices,
and what they decide to do.
That's why I'm asking you
to start deciding
what you want to do later on.
It's not just about careers,
but what you want out of life.
If some of you aren't sure yet
what you want to do,
the Paris Careers Expo
will be held this weekend
in various locations
around the city.
You'll meet professionals
who'll discuss their careers.
The document includes a map
of Paris with each location.
How about superhero?
Does that count as a job?
I'd add that you should
never let the context
impose your costume on you.
You should choose it yourself.
Speaking of which, I myself
will be present at a stand as...
(Panting) The Owl! Hoo hoo!
Your daily righter of wrongs.
(Panting)
Don't you want
to continue to model?
I don't think so, Plagg.
I'm doing it
because my father asked me to
and I realize I don't know
what else I'd want to do.
I never asked myself
that question.
What do think of Cat Noir
as a career?
Well, since Ladybug keeps giving
Miraculous out to other holders,
one day she probably
won't need me any more.
Don't worry.
I will always be here for you.
Hey, if you want we could even
open a cheese shop together.
Just imagine. Plagg
and Cat Noir's Fromagerie!
You can't eat cheese
if you're trying to sell it!
Ah, you're right, good point.
What's a job where you get
to eat cheese, then?
Let's start by visiting
the food-trade booths.
Come on, Plagg! It's time
to think about our future.
True, Tikki,
my life is complicated,
but at least one thing
is simple.
I know what I want to do later!
No need to go
to the Careers Expo for that!
What's a "career,"
dear Guardian?
Well, it's your job. Something
really important that you do
and gives meaning to your life!
So, your job is being
the Guardian of the Miraculous!
Course not,
it's being a student!
Not at all!
It's making presents for Adrien!
- Well --
- Something important,
like crafting the doll house
to hide the Miracle Box!
Or when she designed the alarm
for this room! A masterpiece!
- Sure, I love crafting, but --
- You don't get it!
What gives meaning to her life
is to love Adrien or Luka.
- That's her job!
- Luka has the guitar, right?
Her real career is being Ladybug
and carve her name in history
by her glorious feats,
of course!
Silence, kwamis!
Let's listen to the Guardian.
Marinette, what is
the real important thing
that will bring meaning
to your life?
Argh! I don't know any more!
I guess I'm not sure
what my job
should be after all!
Maybe you should go visit
a few booths
at the Careers Expo.
I guess so, Tikki.
Welcome to
You've Gotta Be Kidding!
We're live at Careers Expo,
where I'll be introducing you
to the most pointless jobs
ever! And to start off,
here's a perfect example.
André the ice-cream maker!
The ice-cream man
who's never around!
Let me remind you how this
goes. He doesn't have a shop,
no one knows where he is,
it takes forever to find him,
and he gets to pick the flavor
of your ice cream.
You've gotta be kidding, André!
Give me one reason why I should
bother to chase after you
when I could get my choice
of ice cream
in any supermarket?
- (Laughter)
- Well, people don't just come
for ice cream.
They come to share their love
and experience
a magical moment.
A supermarket
cannot do what I do.
I am a creator
of magical moments.
"Creator of magical moments"?
You've Gotta be Kidding?
- That's not a real job!
- You're right, dear Alec,
it's not a job...
it's a career.
(Gasps of astonishment)
Yeah, you found me today!
I have some ice-cream
just for you!
Lime, for the sourness
you show on the outside,
and chocolate-cinnamon
for the dreams
that live inside of you.
One day, you too will figure out
what you really want to be.
Cut! Cut!
André, how did you know making
ice cream would be your job?
My dear Marinette, being
an ice-cream man isn't a "job".
I used to have a job.
Every morning I would wake up
and do something
I didn't like doing.
The only enjoyable moment
for my day
was when I'd come home
and concoct
ice-cream flavors
that suited my mood.
Until, one day, in the same way
that ice cream enchanted
my daily life, I wondered
if my true calling would
be to try and enchant
other people's lives too.
That's what a truly successful
career is, a blend of flavors
of what you can do,
what you love to do
and what you can bring
to others.
Strawberry and cherry
for the indecisive lady,
pistachio and pecan
for the clear-sighted young man.
- Who? What young man?
- Hello, Marinette!
Aaah! Oh! Luka! (Nervous laugh)
- Luka and I are just --
- Buddies. We're buddies!
You don't necessarily
have to be in love
to enjoy
your own scoop of magic!
- Have a good day, André!
- Have a good day!
I'm surprised to see you here.
I thought you already knew
your future career.
I do. I'm in charge
of my school's booth,
where I tell people about being
a maker of stringed instruments.
What about you?
Why are you here?
Aren't you well on your way
to becoming a fashion designer?
I don't know any more.
So many careers interest me.
Fashion, creation, decoration...
You're lucky you know
exactly what you want to do.
I just listened
to my inner voice.
(Beautiful sound)
This is
the first instrument I made.
- It took me two years.
- Wow!
Two years to make one guitar
when you can download an app
in two seconds to your phone?
(Tinny sound)
Yet another pointless job!
You've Gotta be Kidding!
Follow me.
- Hmm?
(Gentle breeze
turns into heavenly music)
Musical instruments
fill the space,
and space
fills the instruments.
No phone in the world
will ever be able to do that.
Cut! Cut!
Again? Argh!
Whoa. You definitely have a gift
for finding the right words
- at the right time!
- Adrien!
- Uh, well, most of the time.
- No, Adrien.
- He's behind you, Marinette!
- Aaah! How far away is he?
- Did he see me?
- You still haven't told him
- how you feel about him, right?
- Uh, well... not...
Wait. He looks sad!
Just one more reason
we should go talk to him.
- Something wrong, Adrien?
- I just made the rounds
to every stand at the Expo,
and I still don't know
what I want to do.
If I don't figure it out,
my father will decide
for me again.
I've always felt that modeling
wasn't your true inner music.
I thought
it'd be simple this way,
that I'd be content
to do what my father told me to,
like you, Luka, who decided
to be a musician,
like your father.
Or like you.
You've always known
you wanted to be a designer.
- But actually...
- It's way more complicated.
(Laughter)
I don't want to be a rock star
like my dad. I make music,
but it's not my career,
it's my nature. What I want
is for other people
to be able to feel that music.
That's why I want to be
a stringed-instrument maker,
so people can create emotions.
I feel like
I always want to try new things,
but what I want to do, what I
forget to do and what I must do,
it's a lot, and I don't know...
My father
arranges it all for me.
But if I think about what
I really, actually want to do...
nothing. My mind is empty!
- I'm completely lost!
There's no one way to become
Marinette or to become Adrien.
To find out who you are, learn
to listen to your inner melody.
Your inner music is
a little bit like a brass band
where all the instruments
are playing a different tune!
- I totally get why you're lost!
- (Laughter)
But if you listen
a bit more closely,
the music of your band
is really beautiful.
You just need some time
to understand it.
Your music sounds like it's
being muffled by someone else
playing a sad piano tune.
But your true melody
is a happy one.
Pretty rock 'n' roll, actually!
You two will find
what's already in front of you,
but you can't hear it clearly.
Just let the melody flow.
Who on earth would want
to disguise themselves
with such a ridiculous
fake hairdo?
Louis XIV's reign is over!
You've Gotta be Kidding!
A wig is never
a disguise, sir.
On the contrary, it is
always very revealing.
When I was a kid,
I used to have long hair,
but everyone made fun of me.
That's why I shaved it all off.
I've made the wrong choices
all my life.
My TV show is nothing personal.
I make fun of people
the way they made fun
of me as a kid.
I should have been
who I wanted to be,
tried to change the world
instead of mocking it.
I've wasted my life!
A man who has made bad choices
because of pressure from others.
A wasted life
full of regrets and bitterness.
What a perfect "job"
for my akuma.
Go and give that remorseful
show host a new career
that he won't regret!
Wishmaker, I am Shadow Moth.
The world didn't let you realize
your childhood dreams?
From now on,
any person you touch
will have to become
who they dreamed of being
when they were a child.
And when you attack
Ladybug and Cat Noir,
their masks will fall
as their childhood dreams
betray them.
From now on,
I'll only be who I want to be!
And thanks to me, everyone
will finally be able to do
what they've always wanted!
(Screaming)
- Live your childhood dream!
- When I was a kid,
I wanted to be Santa!
My dream's come true!
Merry Christmas, everyone!
Ho, ho, ho! I've always wanted
to make people happy!
Even when it's not Christmas!
Hey! I love your look!
Rock 'n' roll!
Live your childhood dream!
I finally get to live
my childhood dream! Awesome!
Aaah!
- Hey! Hi there, son!
- Dad?
BOTH: Jagged Stone?
Merry Christmas, everyone!
This is a nightmare, right?
- I will turn you to mush!
- Go hide behind that tree!
Stay here, Marinette!
So, robot, where's this must
you were promising?
I've got to protect Luka.
Quick, Tikki, spots on!
- You'll be safe here.
- Thank you, Ladybug!
Marinette!
(Gasps) Marinette?
Huh?
Help me!
I don't know how to swim!
Hold on, Dad, I'm coming!
I always wanted
to be Grobototek.
Yeah, but we're not living
in a video game!
Destroyer of dreams.
He's mistaking dreams
for reality!
Live your childhood dream!
- Live your childhood dream!
- As a child,
I wanted to be a fireman
and a cowboy!
Whoa! I knew it was possible!
- Aaah! Aaah!
- Live --
Why try and stop me?
I'm making people happy!
Yes, but you're doing it
against their will!
I want people
to live their dreams!
Would you really
call this a dream?
Look! Look! I'm a cucumber!
Woohoohoo!
- Aaah!
- Try it!
Let me be your wishmaker!
If we get hit,
we'll reveal our identities.
- What do you mean?
- When I was six,
I wanted to be
the Knitting Fairy.
She didn't wear a mask!
The Knitting Fairy? Seriously?
What about you?
What did you want to be?
You're making fun of me, but are
too embarrassed to tell me!
Actually, I don't know what
I wanted to be when I was a kid.
You probably wanted to be
a magician or a fireman.
- I can't remember.
- You must've just forgotten.
If he hits one of us,
we'll need a second chance!
- Viperion?
- I think we need the insurance!
You go. I'll cover you!
But, Dad,
crocodiles know how to swim!
I didn't, when I was a kid!
Hi, there, Croco Jagged.
I need a word with your son,
if that's OK with you!
Rock 'n' roll, Ladybug!
- Nice to see you again, Luka.
- You too, Sass.
Use your power now.
If Cat Noir or I get hit,
come back to this exact moment.
Understood, Ladybug!
Sass, scales slither!
Second chance!
No one can know our identities.
Count on me.
Lucky charm!
A dino-huggie?
Saving the world
with a stuffed animal?
I like that!
Sure you don't want me to make
your childhood dream come true?
Don't waste your breath,
I didn't have any!
Every child has a dream!
Maybe not everyone.
You just need to get
your memory back.
Just let me touch you
and your dream
will be revealed to you!
What a brilliant idea,
Wishmaker.
Make his dreams come true
and show me
Cat Noir's true face!
Watch out, Cat Noir!
Does this stuffed animal
mean anything to you?
It's a dino-huggie!
Live your childhood dream!
Awesome! I always wanted to be
the Knitting Fairy in real life!
Ma... Marinette?
Ladybug is Adrien's classmate,
Marinette?
At last, at long last!
Second chance.
No one can know
our secret identities.
Lucky charm!
- A dino-huggie?
- I've got the first part
of the solution.
What a brilliant idea!
Make his dreams come true!
Cat Noir, duck!
Hey! It's a dino-huggie!
Live your childhood dream!
When I was a kid,
I always wanted to be
what my parents wanted me to be!
Oh! My son?
When I was a kid I wanted to be
in the dino-huggie gang!
Then you're the answer
to defeating him!
Sorry, Ladybug, but this isn't
the right moment yet.
- Second chance.
- No one can know
our secret identities.
I promise that won't happen.
Lucky charm!
A dino-huggie?
It's for a man with a red hat.
His childhood dream
was to become one!
Got it!
What a brilliant idea,
Wishmaker.
Watch out, Cat Noir!
It's a dino-huggie!
Whoa! I'm a dino-huggie!
Look! Wishmaker needs
a great big dino hug!
Big hug! Big hug! Big hug!
Big hug! Big hug!
No!
- Cat Noir, now!
- Cataclysm!
No more evil-doing for you,
little akuma!
Time to de-evilize!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Miraculous Ladybug!
Ho, ho, ho!
Ah!
Alec, this will remind you
that our negative emotions
make us vulnerable. I'm sure
it'll help you to stay positive.
Thank you, Ladybug.
ALL: Pound it!
When I was a kid, I just
wanted people to be happy.
So now I'll do what I should
have been doing all along,
help people,
through a new TV show!
What about you guys?
What are your dreams?
Sorry, Alec,
but when you're a superhero,
even your dreams
have to remain a secret.
Bye, Alec!
- Should I roll now?
- (Laughs)
I haven't unmasked you yet,
Ladybug and Cat Noir,
but the day will come
when I, too,
will find a way
to make my dream come true!
Thank you, Luka, thanks to you
our identities were preserved
and no one discovered
who Cat Noir and I really are.
Not even you, right?
Not even me. Luckily, Wishmaker
never hit you or Cat Noir.
(Sighs)
Spots off.
Luka!
Thank you for hiding me here.
It was nothing, Marinette,
you know
you can always count on me.
Phew, you guys are OK!
We're all OK,
thanks to Ladybug and Cat Noir!
I may not remember my childhood
dreams, but that's OK.
It's time to find
my inner music, like Luka said.
- Plagg, what are you doing?
- I'm curious to hear
what a camembert concerto
sounds like!
(Laughter)
(Sighs) You know what?
I've decided
I'm gonna do it all.
I'll be Ladybug,
I'll design clothes, jewelry,
space rockets!
I'll be Luka's best friend
and I will love Adrien!
But how will you do it all
at the same time?
I don't know how, yet.
But, yes, I can do this!
Welcome to
Live your Childhood Dream!
And now, we're going
to love one another!
Starting with everyone
loving themselves!
Because how will you
love other people
if you don't love yourself?
Welcome to
Live your Childhood Dream!